As we saw creating products with the help of Mongoose works fine now let's not also make sure to be
able to get the products stored in our database.
This means we follow again these same CoreLogic we had when we worked with De Mongo DB driver so we
now create another constant call it again get products again and asynchronous task but request response
and next interests arrow function we pass in another javascript object and then this javascript object
we again need a constant because we will use this constant as part of our response is I want to get
back the documents stored in the database sold as constant could be called products here.
Now getting products is different than adding them before it made sense to instantiate the product model
and call the safe method and you created object.
But now we have no created object right.
We want to get products stored in our products collection instead.
Keep in mind that all of those products are therefore created based on instances of the product model.
So what we did in the create product function since that's the case Mongoose gives us an easy way of
finding documents created based on this model we can use some static methods on the model constructor
function itself.
In our case the find method is what we need.
And regarding this fine method there are some things to keep in mind.
The first thing is as you can see it your find is a so-called static method used directly on our constructor
function.
Therefore we also used to find already in our Mongo D.B. logic here.
We've got products here we used find and as I told you'll find returns a so-called cursor which then
allows us to iterate for the different documents stored in the database and we could turn it into an
array with two Erin effort here.
Now do you Mongoose find method this is a specific find method related to Mongoose returns on error
by default.
So there is no need to convert this into an error.
Well as we have an error already we could also get a cursor here if you want to by adding because a
method with this you would be able to turn this error back into a cursor as we had it in demography
be logic.
The last important thing about find is that here would say if you remember we had a promise or safe
return to promise here.
This is not the case for find this Mongoose specific find does not return a real promise but kind of
a promise.
What this means is that you can still use async await your but in the end it's not our real promise.
If you want to turn us into a real promise you can add the exit method here.
This will turn it into a real promise and talking about promises or asynchronous tasks.
We should also add a wage right here.
So this is it already.
Again very lean code I would say.
The only thing that's missing now is our response.
I said that already for this we will simply return our products stored in our database.
We almost done now the export is missing.
So name it.
Get products and safeties in a mongoose jazz file and now comment back in our get products code in the
app J.S. file.
So if we go back to postmen now and create and new get requests here and send it we get back our product
and important we find we get back on our product.
So if we would add our banana once again one that ninety nine create this banana quickly and now again
send or get request.
You see we get both of these documents that we stored in our database and that's actually almost the
end of this refresher.
With that you saw the core idea behind monkey B and also why Mongoose makes our lives a lot easier and
allows us to really focus onto the core business logic of our app.
There is one thing we didn't talk about so far Dell and this is this Aidid property right here.
What's this actually.